DVR3D: a program suite for the calculation of rotation-vibration
spectra of triatomic molecules

Jonathan Tennyson, Maxim A Kostin, Paolo Barletta, Gregory J Harris,
Oleg L Polyansky, Jayesh Ramanlal and Nikolai F Zobov

The files for this program suite are structured as follows:

Main directory:
Files cpc.* and fig2.ps are the text of the article documenting the programs.
*.f90 are the sources of the individual modules which make up the program suite.
*.f are utility programs taken from other sources. (references in the article).

Subdirectory provide test runs including sample output. These are:

H3+Jacobi calculation for H3+ in Jacobi coordinate giving a sample spectrum.
H3+Radau  calculation for H3+ in Radau coordinates including rotational excitation.
HCN       calculation for HCN in Jacobi coordinates giving a sample spectrum.
water     calculation for water in Radau coordinates giving a sample spectrum and
          doing a property calculation.

The files in these directory have the following structure:
script    a file to run the test in that directory. Note:
          1. The file is written in linux and uses the Intel fortran compiler.
          2. The relevent program sources are assumed to be in the same directory.
          3. A set of blas routines are (linked as 'natblas' in the examples) are
             required for all runs.
pot*.f    potential energy surface for the molecule in question
dip*.f    dipole moment surface for the molecule in question
prop*.f90 property surfaces for the molecule in question (water only)
*.job     input data for a particular job step
result*   test run output for a particular job step


Individual files are:

Main directory

cpc.bbl      bibliography file for the article/documentation.
cpc.pdf      pdf of the article/documentation.
cpc.ps       postscript version of the article/documentation.
cpc.tex      latex source of the article/documentation.
dipole3.f90  Source of program DIPOLE3.
dpsort.f     Sorting program required by spectra.
dsyev.f      Lapack diagonaliser.
dvr3drjz.f90 Source of program DVR3DRJZ.
f02fjf.f     NAG iterative diagonaliser used by ROTLEV3 and ROTLEV3B.
fig2.ps      postscript figure for article/documentation.
rotlev3b.f90 Source of program ROLTEV3B.
rotlev3.f90  Source of program ROLTEVB.
rotlev3z.f90 Source of program ROLTEV3Z.
spectra.f90  Source of program SPECTRA.
wfnread.f90  Utility for reading wavefunction files generated by. 
             DVR3DRJZ, ROTLEV3 and ROTLEV3B.
xpect3.f90   Source of program XPECT3.


directory  H3+Jacobi 

dip_h3p.f    H3+ dipole surface due to Roehse et al, J Chem Phys 101, 2231 (1994).
dip.job      Input data for DIPOLE3 step of calculation.
dvrJ0.job    Input data for DVR3DRJZ step with J=0.
dvrJ1.job    Input data for DVR3DRJZ step with J=1.
pot_h3p.f90  H3+ potential due to Polyansky et al, Mol. Phys., 98, 261 (2000).  
result.H3p.dip         Output of DIPOLE3 step of calculation
result.H3p.J0.dvr      Output of DVR3DRJZ step with J=0.
result.H3p.J1even.dvr  Output of DVR3DRJZ step with J=1.
result.H3p.J1even.rot  Output of ROTLEV3 step of calculation.
result.H3p.spec        Output of SPECTRA step of calculation.
rot.job      Input data for ROTLEV3 step of calculation.
[script       Macro to execute test run (see notes above).]
spec.job     Input data for SPECTRA step of calculation.


directory  H3+RADAU

dvreven.job  Input data for DVR3DRJZ step with J=1 even.
dvrodd.job   Input data for DVR3DRJZ step with J=1 odd.
pot_h3p.f90  H3+ potential due to Polyansky et al,Mol. Phys., 98, 261 (2000).
result.H3p.even.dvr    Output of DVR3DRJZ step with J=1 even.
result.H3p.odd.dvr     Output of DVR3DRJZ step with J=1 odd.
result.H3p.rot         Output of ROTLEV3Z step of calculation.
rot.job      Input data for ROTLEV3Z step of calculation.
script       Macro to execute test run (see notes above).


directory HCN

source/dip_HCN.f    HCN dipole surface of van Mourik et al, J Chem Phys 115, 3706 (2001).
source/pot_HCN.f    HCN potential of van Mourik et al, J Chem Phys 115, 3706 (2001).
jobs/dip.job      Input data for DIPOLE3 step of calculation.
jobs/dvr.job      Input data for DVR3DRJZ step with J=2.
jobs/rot.job      Input data for ROTLEV3 step of calculation.
jobs/spec.job     Input data for SPECTRA step of calculation.
results/result.HCN.dip   Output of DIPOLE3 step of calculation.
results/result.HCN.dvr   Output of DVR3DRJZ step with J=2.
results/result.HCN.rot   Output of ROTLEV3 step of calculation.
results/result.HCN.spec  Output of SPECTRA step of calculation.
script       Macro to execute test run (see notes above).


directory water

dip.job      Input data for DIPOLE3 step of calculation.
dip_water.f  Water dipole surface due to Lynas-Gray et al (to be published).
dvr0.job     Input data for DVR3DRJZ step with J=0.
dvr-even.job Input data for DVR3DRJZ step with J=2 even.
dvr-odd.job  Input data for DVR3DRJZ step with J=2 odd.
pot_water.f  Water potential of Shirin et al J Chem Phys 118, 2124 (2003).
prop_water.f90        Sample properties file.
result-0.water.dvr    Output of DVR3DRJZ step with J=0.
result-0.water.xpect  Output of XPECT3 step with J=0.
result-2.water.xpect  Output of XPECT3 step with J=2.
result-even.water.dvr Output of DVR3DRJZ step with J=2 even.
result-even.water.rot Output of ROTLEV3 step of calculation J=2 even. 
result-odd.water.dvr  Output of DVR3DRJZ step with J=2 odd.
result-odd.water.rot  Output of ROTLEV3 step of calculation J=2 odd.
result.water.dip      Output of DIPOLE3 step of calculation. 
rot.job      Input data for ROTLEV3B step of calculation (both even and odd).
script       macro to execute test run (see notes above).
xpect0.job   Input data for XPECT3  step with J=0.
xpect2.job   Input data for XPECT3 step with J=2.


